BD-3804: Add new section to WhatsApp Meta resources doc (#8678)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/meta_resources.md

## WhatsApp Product Updates

### November 2024: Changes to WhatsApp Opt-in policy
*Last Updated January 2025*

> Meta recently updated their [opt-in policy](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/overview/getting-opt-in/). Instead of requiring channel-specific consent, businesses can now message users on the platform if the person has 1) given their phone number and 2) provided opt-in permission for messaging more generally (for example, does not have to be specific to WhatsApp). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meta recently updated their [opt-in policy](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/overview/getting-opt-in/). Instead of requiring channel-specific consent, businesses can now message users on the platform if:

1. The person has given their phone number
2. The person provided opt-in permission for general messaging, not just WhatsApp. 
```

Businesses still need to comply with all local laws and follow the below requirements when obtaining opt-in:

> Businesses must clearly state that a person is opting in to receive communication from the business

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Businesses must clearly state that a person is opting in to receive communication from the business
```

> Businesses must clearly state the business name that a person is opting in to receive messages from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Businesses must clearly state the business name that a person is opting in to receive messages from
```

> Businesses must comply with applicable law

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Businesses must comply with applicable law
```

## WhatsApp Product Updates

### November 2024: Changes to WhatsApp Opt-in policy
*Last Updated January 2025*

Meta recently updated their [opt-in policy](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/overview/getting-opt-in/). Instead of requiring channel-specific consent, businesses can now message users on the platform if:

> 1. The person has given their phone number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The person has given their phone number.
```
